# A Demo Application in MATLAB
MATLAB has features for creating standalone applications. Applications generated by MATLAB:

- Do not require MATLAB to be installed
- Do not require MATLAB license
- Are cross-platform. Installers can be generated for Linux, Windows and Mac OS, and
other platforms.

## The scope of the demo application
The application in this folder is a GUI application for handwritten digit recognition,
and is a direct port to a GUI environment of the implementation in the folder (../LogisticRegression).

## The installer
Due to file size limitation of 100MB, we are not able to include the installer on GitHub.
The installer is hosted on (http://bitbucket.org) and can be downloaded from here:

(https://bitbucket.org/rychlikjobs/worldly-ocr-installer/src/master/LogisticRegressionApp/for_redistribution/MyAppInstaller_web.install)

Currently we provide only a Linux installer (tested on Fedora 29, but
should work on most Linux platforms.)  It is an incomplete
installer. It comes without the MATLAB redistributable runtime, which
is currently a 2GB download. However, the installer will download the
necessary files as part of the installation process.

## What if I have MATLAB and do not want to install a standalone app?
If you have MATLAB running, you can run the application within MATLAB.
In fact, the installation process is significantly simpler, as it is
not necessary to download and install the MATLAB runtime component from
MATLAB website.

You only need to download the file:

[MNISTDigitLearner.mlappinstall](./MNISTDigitLearner.mlappinstall)

Within matlab GUI, you do these steps:
- Go to the "APPS" tab
- Click on the icon "Install App"
- select the above downloaded file and install the app.

Upon completion, the application with a name "MNISTDigitLearner" can
be run by selecting it from the "APPS" dropdown menu.

